CloudWatch: Update Period `auto` to take retention into account (#37424)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/cloudwatch.md

A period is the length of time associated with a specific Amazon CloudWatch statistic. Periods are defined in numbers of seconds, and valid values for period are 1, 5, 10, 30, or any multiple of 60.

> If the period field is left blank or set to `auto`, then it calculates automatically based on the time range and [cloudwatch's retention policy](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2016/11/cloudwatch-extends-metrics-retention-and-new-user-interface/). The formula used is `time range in seconds / 2000`, and then it snaps to the next higher value in an array of predefined periods `[60, 300, 900, 3600, 21600, 86400]` after removing periods based on retention. By clicking `Show Query Preview` in the query editor, you can see what period Grafana used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the period field is left blank or set to `auto` then it automatically calculates based on the time range and [cloudwatch's retention policy](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2016/11/cloudwatch-extends-metrics-retention-and-new-user-interface/). The formula used is `time range in seconds / 2000`, and then it snaps to the next higher value in an array of predefined periods `[60, 300, 900, 3600, 21600, 86400]` after removing periods based on retention. Click `Show Query Preview` in the query editor to see what period Grafana used.
```
